Fixed incorrect formatting for inline pluralized code references. (#19250)
django/django: docs/ref/class-based-views/mixins-editing.txt

.. class:: django.views.generic.edit.ModelFormMixin

>     A form mixin that works on ``ModelForm``\s, rather than a standalone form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A form mixin that provides facilities for creating and displaying ``ModelForm`` instances (rather than a standalone form like ``FormMixin``).
```
